Added GEO principles to SKILL.md (#6497)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: CLAUDE.md

- .claude/skills/sumo-style/SKILL.md — Sumo Logic writing conventions. Claude fetches the live style guide and applies it automatically when writing or editing docs.
- .claude/skills/docusaurus/SKILL.md — Docusaurus 3 syntax, frontmatter templates, and sidebar config patterns.
- .claude/skills/pr-template-guide/SKILL.md — PR template structure, formatting examples, and best practices.

> - .claude/skills/geo-guide/SKILL.md — GEO principles and patterns. Reference guide for applying Generative Engine Optimization to Sumo Logic docs.

Reviewer: I'd clarify its relationship to `/geo-optimize`. `geo-guide` skill is a passive reference Claude loads as context, while `/geo-optimize` is the interactive command to invoke.

```suggestion
- .claude/skills/geo-guide/SKILL.md — Reference guide of GEO principles and patterns loaded as context by `/geo-optimize` and `/seo-audit`. Not an invocable command.
```
